to
suffering my dear there's not enough
scotch in the world for that are you a
little novella
I'm calling none of your goddamn
business well you were invited to stay
here for a few days we can find a place
Shirley has these bouts just gone sick
in the head I read your story
what are you doing it made me feel
thrillingly horrible do you know what
it's like to have a secret what are you
up to that girl what do you think tried
in a bit trashy but turned give it a go
I like you Rosie can I trust you I feel
like we're in the Scottish play on the
verge of madness what we'll see their
secret looks
field
I'm counting down from 3 3 2 1
oh you've done
what becomes of your dear heroine what
happens to all lost girls
you